Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V."
(crowd cheering)
(man, on P. A.)You can cut the
tension in this duel arena with
a knife!
Or better yet, with a pair
of scissors!
Is Dennis gonna cut Shay's
life points down to
confetti?
Or does Shay
have one more way
to sashay his way
out of danger?
(second man, on P. A.)
This is Sector Security.
You're all being detained for
taking part
in underground
turbo duels.
Do not resist or you will be
severely punished.
Good news, sir.
We have all the hooligans
involved
in the underground Turbo
duels in custody,
including the two riders
and their friend
that you had your eye on.
There's more work to be done.
These three duelists
aren't the only ones on
my "most wanted" list,
and I want them all
apprehended.
Sector Security
is heading this way!
Run for it!
They must've
followed us here.
Get down!
Let me go!
Oh!
Huh? Riley?
(whimpering)
Leave the kids alone,
you big bully!
Riley!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action,
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Let me go!
Don't you know who I am?
Yeah, my latest
arrest.
Uhh!
Hey! If that was supposed
to hurt, it didn't!
Aah!
But that did.
(guard) Don't think we forgot
about you two.
Go on, get in there! Move!
Wait!
Tell me, where's Riley?
Get back, you punk!
I said get back!
(all)
Oh, no!
Behave or you're next!
Be cool!
I'll find you guys when we get
out of this mess!
(all)
No! Don't take him!
You big jerks!
You took our friends away!
It no fair!
Hey!
I know you can hear me!
I want some answers!
Chill, Yuya.
How am I supposed to chill?
Riley's in danger.
Wrong, Yuya.
Riley's in good hands.
The kid's safe.
Moon Shadow swooped in when
security showed up.
Moon Shadow?
He was there?
(Celina)
And just like that, he wasn't.
So Riley's safe.
Thank goodness.
So who's this
Moon Shadow guy?
Someone you know from
your dimension?
Yeah. He must have been
hanging out in the trees
when he saw
the heat closing in.
Declan probably sent him out
to find Riley.
For sure.
Anyway, at least he got
spared the paddy wagon.
It's not so bad.
Only wimps can't
handle it here.
Hello!
Let me out! I really can't
handle it in here!
I'm begging you!
I'll do anything!
Want me to dance a jig?
No problem.
I'll dance a jig!
You're not helping,
Sylvio.
I'm sorry, old pal.
Wish you hadn't got caught up
in all of this.
Don't sweat it.
We've been through worse
together.
We'll figure out a way to make
it through this as well.
Hope you're right.
'Cause without us, the kids
will be all on their own.
Chin up, Crow.
They've got each other
to count on.
Yeah.
So, uh,
you guys have any idea of
where they're taking us?
Yep.
This is a Sector Security
transport.
That means we're going
to just one place,
and it's no playground.
Say hello to the Facility.
♪
Five people that were detained
will be arriving there shortly.
One of them
I want you to separate
from the others for a special
interrogation.
Something about her piques my
curiosity.
Then again, they all do, so keep
the others on a short leash.
Definitely separate from the
other inmates.
Consider it done, sir.
It's taken some doing,
but at last,
they are mine.
All right!
New high score,
here I come!
Hey, just heard it
from the boss man.
We got five new
prisoners coming in.
We already have an officer
assigned to one of 'em,
but he wants you to handle
the other four.
He doesn't want them
in general population.
Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Repeat it!
Look, I got it!
No gen whatever...
I mean, how badly do you think
I can mess this up?
I'm here to transfer
five prisoners.
Proceed.
Prisoner?
Did you say prisoner?
I'm not a prisoner,
my name is‐‐
You don't have a name,
you're just a number.
Uhh.
I have special orders
for the girl,
so say goodbye to
your friends, missy.
You're coming with me.
Huh?
Don't worry.
I'm gonna be fine.
You other four, follow me.
There's no unauthorized
dueling in here,
so we've confiscated
your duel disks.
Here are you decks.
I thought you said
there was no dueling.
You'll come to realize that your
cards have other uses.
So I'd take care of them
if I were you.
Now then, welcome to your
new home sweet home.
(Sylvio)
They're tossing us in with
everyone else?
This is different than my normal
five‐star accommodations.
Believe it or not,
half the people locked up in
this place
don't deserve to be here.
They were rounded up
and arrested
because of their
ideas and beliefs.
Yeah, beliefs that
don't mesh so well
with the current people
in charge.
So, like us,
these people are innocent.
Right.
But still, being locked up
can take its toll on you.
What do you mean?
Well, even the innocent have
their breaking point.
We'll have to try
and stay strong,
just like some of
these lifers here.
(buzzing)
All right,
dredges of humanity.
This is where I leave you,
but don't worry,
I'm sure you'll make
plenty of new friends
down here in gen pop.
(chuckles)
Thanks. It's so nice
to know that you care.
Uh, hold it.
Wasn't I supposed to do
something with them?
Ehh, I forget.
Well, it's just us now.
Oh.
And them.
Hey, new guys.
Huh?
Ain't you gonna
come say hi?
(whimpers)
Yeah, we were
just about to.
Too late. you've hurt
my feelings.
And when you hurt his feelings
your hurt my feelings.
And do you have any idea
what that means?
Uh, that you guys are
a bit too sensitive?
No, Yuya, what it means is
that they're gonna hurtyou.
Good idea!
You mean great idea!
Gong says leave
those four alone!
No way!
For real?
Gong, is that‐‐
Yuya, so good to see you!
You, too.
Super close up.
Gong's been worried
sick about you!
But now you're safe
in Gong's arms!
And Gong's overjoyed!
Uh‐oh. Hope you brought
a life jacket
'cause here come
the waterworks!
I guess any friend of Yuya's
is a friend of ours.
I suppose that would
include me, then.
After all, we're friends,
right, Yuya?
Yes it's me, Dennis.
Dennis! I didn't expect to
find you here.
(sighs)
Neither did I,
but they brought Shay and I in
for being in an
underground duel.
Shay's locked up here, too?
Mm‐hmm.
But he got into some trouble.
Trouble?
A dozen inmates decided to give
him a not‐so‐welcome party.
Shay decided to give 'em
a not‐so‐nice thank you
and got placed in isolation.
Wait, so, Gong,
you're telling us
that you know
who these people are?
Yes. And had
you harmed them,
Gong would've eaten your
meals for a week.
Ah!
But feel free to fill up
on Sylvio's meals.
Hmm?
Gong, accept our apology!
We meant no harm!
(both)
We're sorry! We're sorry!
(Sylvio)
Well, Gong, you've certainly
got them well‐trained.
Where's the rest of the crew,
Yuya?
How's the little one doing?
Any leads on Zuzu?
Riley's safe and sound
thanks to Moon Shadow
showing up in
the nick of time.
Now, about Zuzu...
What? Please tell Gong you
found her!
Not yet, but...
I definitely know that she's
somewhere in this city.
I have to bust out of here
so I can find her!
So, Gong,
how do we bust out?
What's the plan here?
Afraid Gong has no plan.
But where there's
a will, there's a way!
Don't you worry, Yuya.
We're gonna figure
something out!
Huh?
That's all?
Gotta make sure there's enough
for everyone.
There is, for everyone
on the planet!
We're waitin'!
Yeah, move it!
Hurry up
already!
Huh. Enjoy your meal.
(groans)
(chuckling)
Hello.
Hmm?
You'll have to excuse
my friend there.
He's simply not very good
with the help.
As for my meal,
I'm thinking steak tartare,
arugula salad with toasted
pine nuts and mineral water.
Not even the pine nuts?
We all got the same.
We'll just have
to make due.
He's right.
Now come on, let's go eat.
I certainly hope the dessert bar
service is better.
Was that a card?
(Crow)
Yuya, we saved you
a seat, come on!
Huh?
Whoa! Uhh!
Yuya!
Aw, what a shame!
You've gotta be
more careful.
Whoopsie!
(inmates laughing)
Not my fault!
Look.
I tripped over the klutz!
Shame.
This is the water I used to
clean all the toilets with, too.
You punk!
You did that on purpose!
Hey!
(all)
Huh?
Quit causing trouble,
you hear me!
Or I'll give you some!
Let it go, fellas.
Best not to make a scene.
Dennis and Gong will share
their food with you.
Hey, look there.
The kingpin.
Him?
Kingpin?
Yuya.
Are you okay, buddy?
Uh...
(chuckles)
Yeah, but tell me more
about this kingpin.
He's tough...
and powerful.
He controls
everything!
If there's one guy you don't
want to mess with‐‐ it's him!
Okay, fellas, I want you to
scrub this place 'til it shines!
Seriously?
Yeah, we just
got done washing
every last pot and pan
from breakfast!
Can't you get someone else
to do this?
Yeah, I could.
But you guys did such a good job
washing all those dishes.
Why would I want to
change things up?
Now get to work!
And careful about some of
the hairballs you find.
We got a rat problem.
Actually, uh...
I was kinda feeling
a little sick, boss.
A card?
Me, too!
Little sick.
Same here.
I need rest.
I'm feeling fevery.
Hmm.
You can all go back to your
cells.
Thank, boss.
Appreciate it.
What are you looking at?
Get scrubbing!
Wait!
Yeah!
What was all that about?
Really?
If you're too dense to know,
then that's your fault.
Hey!
I want answers!
(Dennis) Duh, Sylvio.
Haven't you figured it out yet?
It's really pretty simple.
In this prison, dueling cards
are like credit.
They can buy you things.
And not just things.
As you just saw, they can get
you favors, too.
So that's why they
let us keep our decks.
Man, wish someone had
told me this earlier.
I'd be in the penthouse
suite by now!
No way! We can't give
our cards away, Sylvio!
They're worth more than anything
we would get in return.
Huh? Hold up.
How did you guys
know about this?
Did you give up
your cards?
I can't believe it!
I've lost a lot of respect
for you, Gong.
You're wrong!
Huh?
You should have even more
respect for Gong.
That's right.
Huh?
Don't worry about it,
fellas.
No, this needs to be said!
Before we arrived at
the Facility,
both of our decks were
taken in a duel,
and we didn't have a single card
to our names.
(other prisoner)
So we were constantly being
tormented.
That's when Gong stepped in.
Huh?
Uh, what's up?
Take these.
But now these two don't get
messed with anymore.
(prisoner)
Everything changed after that.
(second prisoner)
And changed even more,
thanks to Dennis!
Huh?
From now on if my pals want
extra gravy they get it, cool?
What can I say?
Gong's a good influence on me.
Sorry I accused you, Gong.
But it's not right that the
Facility works that way.
Our cards are a part of us.
Yeah.
Gong agrees.
(cell door opens)
Let's go.
Right now.
Go where?
Look sharp!
You're standing before
Kingpin Chojiro Tokumatsu!
Hmm? Couldn't be.
Same goes for you!
You're standing before Sylvio!
Quiet!
Maybe just keep
your mouth shut.
I mean, like, indefinitely.
(groans)
The cards.
Tokumatsu runs this joint.
If you want no trouble,
then hand over your cards.
(Yuya)
Or what?
Or face the wrath
of Tokumatsu!
No, never!
What'd you say?
Gong's with Yuya.
Taking a duelist's cards is
like taking his soul.
So, it ends right here.
We're not scared of you
one bit.
Yeah, you're just
a big bully,
and I deal with bullies
just one way.
By standing up to them!
So show me what you got!
Is this wise?
Yes, it is.
And dangerous.
You dare defy my orders?
You are very foolish indeed!
I wield great power here!
I can make your lives most
unpleasant.
Now, I repeat,
give me your cards!
(Yuya)
And I repeat,
that's not gonna happen,
King‐pinhead!
You insolent child!
Perhaps this will
change your mind!
Huh?
No way!
(all)
Aah!
Behold.
My duel card collection.
Some I have won in battle,
some I have been given,
but the cards all tell
of the same tale.
And what tale might that be?
That I am all powerful,
of course.
That's what dueling
is all about.
Don't think so.
Duels are all about
having fun!
Fun?
Get out!
Boss, can you
believe this kid?
He belongs in the nuthouse,
not the big house!
(laughing)
You sound like
a halfwit hyena!
Yes, sir.
Yes, I do.
As for you, you've made
your decision,
so you must now live
with the consequences.
Guard!
Ahoy?
Did you ring?
Aah!
Bring me two Duel Disks.
We are going to have a match.
Huh? Ooh, an Ultra Rare!
Yes. Duel Disks on the way!
And you, child, are well on your
way to a rude awakening.
If you don't believe me that
dueling is all about power,
then I'll demonstrate.
By overpowering you!
So let's do this!
♪
Don't you forget, young one.
We're in a prison,
so there's no place to run.
Great! So when
you start losing,
you can't go hide!
Why you...
Enough!
Let's duel!
Look.
That duel stance.
Yeah, it's a stance
that I recognize.
I'll go first!
And I'll activate the spell
Flower Gathering!
This powerful card
allows me to summon
four Flower Cardians from my
deck in attack mode.
Behold!
The fine and formidable flora:
Flower Cardian Pine,
Zebra Grass, Willow,
and lastly, Paulownia!
Wow, four cards out
just like that!
Next, I activate
the sweet smelling spell card
Flower Stacking!
I'm allowed to select
three Flower Cardian monsters
in my deck
and place them
on top of my deck
in any order I like!
And the Flower Cardians
I select are:
Zebra Grass With Moon,
Paulownia With Phoenix,
and Willow with Calligrapher!
Next I'll activate
Flower Cardian
with Pine's special ability!
Pine with Crane takes my first
Pine's place.
But I'm not done.
Since Pine With Crane was
successfully summoned,
I can draw another card
from my deck.
Zebra Grass With Moon,
and I use its ability!
By tributing my first Zebra
Grass, I can summon it!
And as before, I get to draw
a card this time as well!
And that card is Paulownia
With Phoenix,
and now I'll use its
special ability!
Allowing me to increase my
bouquet of devastation.
I can now draw another card!
And that card is Willow
With Calligrapher!
And by activating its ability,
I can tribute my earlier Willow
and summon it forth!
Your defeat is taking root,
and my victory is blossoming
into reality!
Simply amazing!
He just keeps summoning more
powerful monsters.
Will it ever end?
I drew Flower Cardian Cherry
Blossom, with Curtain.
However, since Cherry Blossom
is not on my field,
I must send this card
to the graveyard.
Now, time to put my foot down.
It's time to prove to you that
dueling is for power
and not for fun!
And time to use Willow With
Calligrapher's special ability!
With it, all my monsters'
Levels become two!
But in exchange,
I'm able to Synchro Summon!
Behold, dueling at its
very best!
Dueling at its most powerful!
I synchro summon!
Rise, Level Eight Flower Cardian
Lightshower!
That monster's packing some
serious flower power.
I'll now place two cards
facedown to end my turn.
Now you see what power can do.
And soon, you shall feel it.
The only thing that I'm feeling
is a rush of excitement!
'Cause the fun
is just starting!
My draw!
Let's see how fun
you think this is.
Whenever you draw a card,
I can now activate Flower
Cardian Lightshower's ability
which deals you
1,500 points of damage!
Yuya!
But that would mean that
every time Yuya draws,
he'll take damage!
Kinda makes you wonder how much
fun he's having now.
Nice move you pulled
on me there, Dingpin,
but I got one even better!
What?
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale Three
Performapal Bit Bite Turtle and
Scale Eight Timegazer Magician!
I'm taking control of this duel,
starting now!
My.
Dueling has changed a lot since
I was locked up.
I can summon monsters between
Levels Four and Seven
all at the same time!
At the same time?
Swing far Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready to swing
into action!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
See‐saw to it, Performapal
Teeter Totter Hopper!
Crawl to victory, Performapal
Sellshell Crab!
Hmm.
I'm activating the trap card
Fraud Freeze!
Every monster you Special
Summoned from your hand
returns to your hand,
so all of your monster's
will be gone!
Oh, no!
Not good.
If Yuya Pendulum summons again,
the same thing will happen!
Not good is right.
'Cause after all,
Pendulum Summoning's key
to Yuya's tactics!
And key to finishing this
duel as quick as possible,
because Lightshower
deals big damage
whenever Yuya draws a card.
Yuya.
Perhaps now you
finally understand
that power is
everything, Yuya.
And you'd better believe this
power is only growing.
The worst is yet to come!
(sinister laugh)
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪